Adds more information about why you might use @std vs @lute to the API reference documentation (#979)
luau-lang/lute: docs/std/index.md

---

# (@std) Standard Library

> The Lute Standard Library is a set of common utilities that you will almost certainly want to reach for when writing programs in Luau.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make Luau useful for general-purpose programming, Lute provides a standard library, under the alias `@std`, that aims to provide all the necessary utilities to help you author useful programs! Beyond being useful, we aim for this collection of libraries to be high-level and readily implementable by other Luau runtimes to enable more compatibility between other programs and libraries in our ecosystem. This includes working towards the integration of these libraries into the most-used Luau runtime, Roblox.

```

Author: Tweaked some of the wording here, but added these suggestions too.

The modules in this library are broadly categorized as follows:

> 1. Luau internals - AST(Abstract Syntax Tree APIs), working with the VM, typechecking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Interacting with the language -- parsing Luau, interacting with the compiler, virtual machine, and type checker.
```

> 2. I/O - talking to the file system, processes, networking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. I/O -- talking to the world outside of the program, including the command line, the file system, external processes, the network, etc.
```

> 3. Platform abstractions - e.g. path, time, tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Platform abstractions -- e.g. file system path, measures of time, and cooperative multitasking
```

> 4. Miscellaneous utilities - libraries for tables, strings, json, testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. General programming utilities - libraries for interacting with tables, strings, json, and testing your code
```
